Let's look now at separating data and logic.
As I mentioned, that's going to be the focus we have in this lesson.
On the left here you see the data contract and on the right you see the app contract.
The arrow that connects the two is unidirectional and that's important.
What we are saying is that the data contract will never
call out into an untrusted external contract,
whereas the app contract will call in into the data contract.
Now looking at this picture you should intuitively feel that well,
doesn't that make it possible for anyone to have
an app contract that would call into my data contract?
The answer is yes. The moment you split data and app logic in this manner,
you introduce the real risk of arbitrary contracts that
are made to look and feel and be compatible with your data contract to call into them.
The only way you can be sure that that's not going to happen is if you mitigate
that in code and that's exactly what we're going to do later on.
So with this setup,
I would like to have you answer another quiz question.
Why is it advantageous to separate data and application logic into separate contracts?